Update readme for building AL2023 AMI (#1692)
awslabs/amazon-eks-ami: README.md

following command in the root of this repository:

```bash

> # build an AL2 AMI with the latest Kubernetes version

Reviewer: now that we've built the story for multiple os distros, should we just say default?
```suggestion
# build an AMI with the latest Kubernetes version and the default OS distro
```
